unless you think your wife it's gonna be
better off with a husband was a bloody
stump for a headed won't you sit down on
that curb with your hands and you
haven't do nothing until I speak with
these offices nothing oh no curb and I
put my hands on my head but nobody then
stand right where you are and keep your
hands in plain sight can you do that
yeah I can do that good told this man to
stay where he is and keep his hands in
plain sight I don't think I I like
massage anymore mr. Kazu cent premium
frontally my stockings bleep there
leave my please flip them what
Lee damn hey lip my stocking Hey yeah
them
lip them what lip them like this let
them rip them leap you want me to rip
your stock be my study